Added documentation (#45)
iotaledger/inx-indexer: documentation/docs/welcome.md

---
description: INX-Indexer is a ledger indexing tool to provide structured and queryable data to wallets and other applications.
image: /img/Banner/banner_hornet.png
keywords:
- IOTA Node
- Hornet Node
- INX
- Indexer
- IOTA
- Shimmer
- Node Software
- Welcome
- explanation
---

# Welcome to INX-Indexer

INX-Indexer is a ledger indexing tool to provide structured and queryable data to wallets and other applications. 
The indexer maintains its own database separate from that of the node.

## Setup

The recommended setup is to use the provided [Docker images](https://hub.docker.com/r/iotaledger/inx-indexer).
These images are also used in our [HORNET recommended setup using Docker](http://wiki.iota.org/hornet/develop/how_tos/using_docker).

## Configuration

> The indexer is configured by default to connect to your HORNET instance.<br />
> You can find all the configuration options [here](configuration.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The indexer is configured by default to connect to your HORNET instance.

You can find all the configuration options in the [configuration section](configuration.md).
```

## API

> The indexer exposes a custom set of REST APIs that can be used by wallets and applications to find UTXO in the ledger with a given query.<br />
> You can find more information about the API [here](api_reference.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The indexer exposes a custom set of REST APIs that can be used by wallets and applications to find UTXO in the ledger with a given query.

You can find more information about the API in the [API reference section](api_reference.md).
```
